Add Signal Configuration and Molly Knowledge Base article (#1494)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/advanced/signal-configuration-hardening.en.md

This page includes things you can do to configure and set up Signal according to your [threat model](https://www.privacyguides.org/basics/threat-modeling/).

## Signal Configuration

### Registration Lock

As Signal uses your phone number to sign up, if someone were to be able to gain brief access to your number, they can re-register and potentially lock you out of your account.

To protect against this, you can set up a Registration Lock immediately after registering for Signal.

In the event that someone tries to register on Signal with your phone number, they will be asked to provide the PIN that you've set up, preventing them from hijacking your account.

On Android and iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Account**

- [x] Select **Registration Lock**

Signal will prompt you to enter a PIN. We suggest a strong alphanumeric PIN that you can store in your [password manager](https://www.privacyguides.org/passwords/).

> Signal will occasionally nudge you with a prompt to re-enter your PIN to ensure you still remember it.

Reviewer: I would mention that the registration lock expires after 7 days of inactivity. Inactivity means the app not connecting to the service for a week. After expiration, the user can reset the PIN at registration. Resetting the PIN will cause the data stored in the account (encrypted by the PIN) to be lost, but still the user is able to register with a new PIN.

### Safety Numbers

Safety numbers are a feature in Signal that allows you to verify the security of your messages and calls with specific contacts. In other words; it allows you to verify that the person you're contacting is who you intended.

> It is best practice to always compare safety numbers with your contacts. This can be done in a couple of ways:

Reviewer: Please note that:
- Comparing safety numbers in the 1:1 chat in Signal with the contact is useless.
- Safety numbers only ensures the messages are delivered securely between the verified devices.
- To make safety numbers to also "verify the person" you need a secondary communication channel where you can authenticate the person that is holding the device. For example, in a meeting or during a video call.

* Scanning your contact's QR code while viewing their safety number.
* Comparing the safety numbers on both ends, be it visually or audibly.

To view the safety number for a particular contact, you need to follow these steps within Signal:

Go to a chat with a contact.

Select the chat header or chat settings > **View Safety Number**

Once you've compared the safety numbers on both devices, you can mark that contact as **Verified**.

A checkmark will appear in the chat header by your contact's name when the safety number is marked as verified. It will remain verified unless the safety number changes or you manually change the verification status.

After doing that, any time the safety number changes, you'll be notified.

In most cases, when it changes, it will be when your contact switches to a new phone or re-installs Signal, but that won't always result in a safety number change.

> If a safety number changes frequently or unexpectedly it may be a sign that something is wrong.

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading. A change may be the one and only indicator of an account compromise. It's up to the user to decide what to do. One way of dealing with it, is just to ask the contact what happened and verify the safety numbers again.
For higher threat models, it is a good idea to agree on a protocol with the contact in advance, about what to do if the safety numbers ever change.

### Disappearing Messages

While communication in signal is E2EE, the messages are still available on the devices, unless they are manually deleted.

It is good practice to set up disappearing messages in Signal's settings so that any chats you start will disappear after a specified amount of time has passed.

On Android/iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**

Set the desired amount of time, and select **Save**

You can also override this global setting for specific contacts:

Go to a chat with a contact

Select the three vertical dots on the top right

Select **Disappearing messages**

Select the desired amount of time, and select **Save**

We recommend setting up a reasonable timer by default (1 week should be fine for most people), and adjusting it per contact as you see fit.

!!! tip

    Signal allows you to send "view-once" media that are automatically removed from the conversation after they have been viewed.

### Disable Link Previews

Signal offers the ability to retrieve previews of webpages linked within a conversation.

> This makes direct requests to the websites in question, which in turn leaks the websites you share in your conversations to those websites.

Reviewer: Clarification: it is the person who is sending the link who does the request, and it attaches an screenshot of the website to the message with the link. The recipient doesn't leak the website unless it opens the link.

This page includes things you can do to configure and set up Signal according to your [threat model](https://www.privacyguides.org/basics/threat-modeling/).

## Signal Configuration

### Signal PIN

When you register for Signal with your phone number, you will be asked to set up a Signal PIN. This PIN can be used to recover your profile, settings, contacts and who you've blocked in case you ever lose or switch devices.

Additionally, your Signal PIN can also double as a registration lock that prevents others from registering with your number.

!!! Important

    The server will not enforce the registration lock after 7 days of inactivity. After that, someone will be able to reset the PIN at registration and register with your phone number. This will wipe the data stored in your Signal account, as it is encrypted by the PIN, but it won't prevent someone from registering with your number provided that they can receive a text on it.

If you haven't set up a Signal PIN, or have previously opted out of setting one up, follow these steps on Android/iOS:

> Select **Settings** > **Account** > **Signal PIN**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select **Settings** > **Account** > **Signal PIN**
```

After doing that, any time the safety number changes, you'll be notified.

If the safety number with one of your contacts changes, we recommend asking the contact what happened (if they switched to a new device or re-installed Signal, for example) and verify the safety numbers again.

For higher threat models, you should agree on a protocol with your contacts in advance on what to do in case the safety number ever changes.

You can learn more about safety numbers on [Signal's website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360007060632-What-is-a-safety-number-and-why-do-I-see-that-it-changed-).

### Disappearing Messages

While communication in signal is E2EE, the messages are still available on the devices, unless they are manually deleted.

It is good practice to set up disappearing messages in Signal's settings so that any chats you start will disappear after a specified amount of time has passed.

On Android/iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**

Set the desired amount of time, and select **Save**

> You can also override this global setting for specific contacts:

Author: not sure I agree here, doesn't fit with the way the rest of the page is laid out

Select **Settings** > **Notifications**

Select **Show**

Select **No name or Content** or **Name Only** respectively.

### Proxy Support

If Signal is blocked in your country, Signal allows you to set up a proxy to bypass it.

!!! Warning

    All traffic remains opaque to the proxy operator. However, the censoring party could learn that you are using Signal through a proxy because the app [fails to route all the IP connections to the proxy](https://community.signalusers.org/t/traffic-not-routed-to-tls-proxies-can-expose-users-to-censors/27479).

You can learn more about Signal's proxy support on their [website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360056052052-Proxy-Support).

### Keep Your Signal Call History off iCloud (iOS only)

Signal allows you to see your call history from your regular phone app. This allows your iOS device to sync your call history with iCloud, including who you spoke to, when, and for how long.

If you use iCloud and you don’t want to share call history on Signal, confirm it’s turned off:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- [ ] Turn off **Show Calls in Recents**

## Signal Hardening

### Avoid Linking Your Signal Account to a Desktop Device

> Desktop operating system security is far behind Android and iOS. Modern mobile operating systems have been designed with security in mind, and thus make much better options for harboring private communication.

Reviewer 2: it's either _many better options_, or _much better option_

> Desktop operating system security is far behind Android and iOS. Modern mobile operating systems have been designed with security in mind, and thus make much better options for harboring private communication.

Reviewer 2: And shouldn't we say `and thus make it a much better option ?`

#### Features

Molly has implemented database encryption at rest, which means that you can encrypt the app's database with a passphrase to ensure that none of its data is accessible without it. We recommend a strong passphrase that you can store in your [password manager](/passwords/).

!!! Information

    As long as Molly is locked, you will not receive notifications for any incoming messages or calls until you unlock it again.

Once enabled, a configurable lock timer can be set, after which point Molly will lock itself if you haven't unlocked your device for that specific time period. Alternatively, you can manually lock the app whenever you want.

To supplement the database encryption feature, Molly securely wipes your device's RAM once the database is locked to defend against forensic analysis.

While Molly is running, your data is kept in RAM. When any app closes, its data remains in RAM until another app takes the same physical memory pages. That can take seconds or days, depending on many factors. To prevent anyone from dumping the RAM to disk and extracting your data after Molly is locked, it restarts itself and overrides all free RAM memory with random data.

> There is also the ability to tunnel Molly's traffic through a proxy or Tor (via [Orbot](/android/#orbot)).

Reviewer: Suggestion: add "When enabled, all traffic is routed through the proxy and there are no IP or DNS leaks".

A checkmark will appear in the chat header by your contact's name when the safety number is marked as verified. It will remain verified unless the safety number changes or you manually change the verification status.

After doing that, any time the safety number changes, you'll be notified.

If the safety number with one of your contacts changes, we recommend asking the contact what happened (if they switched to a new device or re-installed Signal, for example) and verify the safety numbers again.

For higher threat models, you should agree on a protocol with your contacts in advance on what to do in case the safety number ever changes.

You can learn more about safety numbers on [Signal's website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360007060632-What-is-a-safety-number-and-why-do-I-see-that-it-changed-).

### Disappearing Messages

While communication in Signal is E2EE, the messages are still available on the devices, unless they are manually deleted.

It is good practice to set up disappearing messages in Signal's settings so that any chats you start will disappear after a specified amount of time has passed.

On Android/iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

> Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**
```

Set the desired amount of time and select **Save**

!!! tip "Override the global default for specific contacts"

    Go to a chat with a contact

>     Select the three vertical dots on the top right

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select the three vertical dots on the top right
```

>     Select **Disappearing messages**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select **Disappearing messages**
```

Your recipient doesn't make any requests unless they open the link on their end.

We recommend disabling link previews.

On Android/iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Chats**

- [ ] Turn off **Generate link previews**

### Screen Security

Signal allows you to prevent a preview of the app being shown unless you explicitly open it.

On Android:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- [x] Turn on **Screen Security**

On iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- [x] Turn on **Hide Screen in App Switcher**

### Screen Lock

If someone gets a hold of your device while it is unlocked, you run the risk of them being able to open the Signal app and look at your conversations.

To mitigate this, you can leverage the Screen Lock option to require additional authentication before you can access the Signal app.

On Android/iOS:

Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- [x] Turn on **Screen Lock**

### Notification Privacy

Even when your phone is locked, anyone who can lay eyes on the device can read messages and sender names from your lock screen.

On Signal, you have the ability to hide message content and sender name, or just the message content itself.

On Android:

> Select **Settings** > **Notifications**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select **Settings** > **Notifications**
```

Select **Show**

Select **No name or message** or **Name only** respectively.

On iOS:

> Select **Settings** > **Notifications**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select **Settings** > **Notifications**
```

---
title: "Signal Configuration and Hardening"
icon: 'material/chat-processing'
---

> [Signal](../real-time-communication.md#signal) is widely accepted as one of the best options when it comes to instant messaging that is both private and secure. Thanks to its E2EE, you can be sure that only you and the intended recipient are able to read your messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Signal](../real-time-communication.md#signal) is widely regarded instant messaging service that is not only easy to use but is also private and secure. Signal's strong E2EE implementation and metadata protections provide a level of assurance that only you and the intended recipients are able to read communications.
```

> This page includes things you can do to configure and set up Signal according to your [threat model](../basics/threat-modeling.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This guide details actions you can take to configure and set up Signal in accordance with your [threat model](../basics/threat-modeling.md).
```

## Signal Configuration

### Signal PIN

When you register for Signal with your phone number, you will be asked to set up a Signal PIN. This PIN can be used to recover your profile, settings, contacts and who you've blocked in case you ever lose or switch devices.

Additionally, your Signal PIN can also double as a registration lock that prevents others from registering with your number.

> !!! Important

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! attention "Registration Lock"
```

    The server will not enforce the registration lock after 7 days of inactivity. After that, someone will be able to reset the PIN at registration and register with your phone number. This will wipe the data stored in your Signal account, as it is encrypted by the PIN, but it won't prevent someone from registering with your number provided that they can receive a text on it.

If you haven't set up a Signal PIN, or have previously opted out of setting one up, follow these steps on Android/iOS:

- Select **Settings** > **Account** > **Signal PIN**
- Select **Create new PIN**

> Signal will prompt you to enter a PIN. We suggest a strong alphanumeric PIN that you can store in your [password manager](https://www.privacyguides.org/passwords/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Signal will prompt you to enter a PIN. We suggest using a strong alphanumeric PIN that can be stored in a [password manager](https://www.privacyguides.org/passwords/).
```

Once you have done that, or if you already have set up a PIN, make sure that **Registration Lock** is also enabled.

- Select **Settings** > **Account** > **Signal PIN**
- [x] Turn on **Registration Lock**

!!! Important

    If you forget the PIN and have enabled a registration lock, you may be locked out of your account for up to 7 days.

> This will make it so someone cannot register with your phone number as long as you're active.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

duplicate info

Reviewer 4: Agreed.

You can learn more about Signal PIN on [Signal's website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360007059792-Signal-PIN).

### Safety Numbers

> Safety numbers are a feature in Signal that allows you to ensure that messages are delivered securely between the verified devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Safety numbers are a feature in Signal that allows you to ensure that messages are delivered securely between verified devices.
```

A checkmark will appear in the chat header by your contact's name when the safety number is marked as verified. It will remain verified unless the safety number changes or you manually change the verification status.

After doing that, any time the safety number changes, you'll be notified.

If the safety number with one of your contacts changes, we recommend asking the contact what happened (if they switched to a new device or re-installed Signal, for example) and verify the safety numbers again.

For higher threat models, you should agree on a protocol with your contacts in advance on what to do in case the safety number ever changes.

You can learn more about safety numbers on [Signal's website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360007060632-What-is-a-safety-number-and-why-do-I-see-that-it-changed-).

### Disappearing Messages

While communication in Signal is E2EE, the messages are still available on the devices, unless they are manually deleted.

It is good practice to set up disappearing messages in Signal's settings so that any chats you start will disappear after a specified amount of time has passed.

> On Android/iOS:

Reviewer 3: Just to clarify, are these features not available on the desktop apps?

Author: Most of them are, but you can't have Signal on desktop unless you also have it on your phone, so I went with the Android/iOS steps.

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**
- Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**
- Select the desired amount of time and select **Save**

!!! tip "Override the global default for specific contacts"

    - Go to a chat with a contact
    - Select the three vertical dots on the top right
    - Select **Disappearing messages**
    - Select the desired amount of time and select **Save**

> We recommend setting up a reasonable timer by default (1 week should be fine for most people), and adjusting it per contact as you see fit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend setting up a reasonable timer by default, such as one week, and adjusting it per contact as you see fit.
```

> !!! tip

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! tip "Snapchat-like Functionality"
```

I think it could be handy to directly mention Snapchat here, in case people don't make the connection. idk

Reviewer 4: Fair enough.

    Signal allows you to send "view-once" media that are automatically removed from the conversation after they have been viewed.

### Disable Link Previews

Signal offers the ability to retrieve previews of webpages linked within a conversation.

> This means that when you send a link, a request will be sent to that website so that the screenshot of the website can be attached to the link.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This means that when you send a link, a request will be sent to that website so that a preview of the website can be displayed alongside the link. Thus, we recommend disabling link previews.
```

Your recipient doesn't make any requests unless they open the link on their end.

> We recommend disabling link previews.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

On Android/iOS:

- Select **Settings** > **Chats**
- [ ] Disable **Generate link previews**

### Screen Security

> Signal allows you to prevent a preview of the app being shown unless you explicitly open it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Signal allows you to prevent a preview of the app being shown (i.e., in the app switcher) unless you explicitly open it.
```

On Android:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**
- [x] Turn on **Screen Security**

On iOS:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**
- [x] Turn on **Hide Screen in App Switcher**

### Screen Lock

If someone gets a hold of your device while it is unlocked, you run the risk of them being able to open the Signal app and look at your conversations.

> To mitigate this, you can leverage the Screen Lock option to require additional authentication before you can access the Signal app.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To mitigate this, you can leverage the Screen Lock option to require additional authentication before Signal can be accessed.
```

### Proxy Support

If Signal is blocked in your country, Signal allows you to set up a proxy to bypass it.

!!! Warning

    All traffic remains opaque to the proxy operator. However, the censoring party could learn that you are using Signal through a proxy because the app [fails to route all the IP connections to the proxy](https://community.signalusers.org/t/traffic-not-routed-to-tls-proxies-can-expose-users-to-censors/27479).

You can learn more about Signal's proxy support on their [website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360056052052-Proxy-Support).

### Keep Your Signal Call History off iCloud (iOS only)

Signal allows you to see your call history from your regular phone app. This allows your iOS device to sync your call history with iCloud, including who you spoke to, when, and for how long.

If you use iCloud and you don’t want to share call history on Signal, confirm it’s turned off:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**
- [ ] Turn off **Show Calls in Recents**

## Signal Hardening

### Avoid Linking Your Signal Account to a Desktop Device

> Desktop operating system security is far behind Android and iOS. Modern mobile operating systems have been designed with security in mind and thus make much better options for harboring private communication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

I think the other sentences get the point across clearly. Beyond just being redundant, this phrasing just seems quite threatening and a bit outside the scope of Signal explicitly.

> While it may be tempting to link your Signal account to your desktop device for convenience, keep in mind that this extends your trust to an additional operating system, and one that often has significantly worse security, no sandboxing, and other such deficiencies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While it may be tempting to link your Signal account to your desktop device for convenience, keep in mind that this extends your trust to an additional and potentially less secure operating system.
```

If your threat model calls for it, avoid linking your Signal account to a desktop device to reduce your attack surface.

### Endpoint Security

> While Signal takes security very seriously, there is only so much an app can do to protect you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Signal takes security very seriously, however there is only so much an app can do to protect you.
```

We recommend an up-to-date [GrapheneOS](/android/#grapheneos) or iOS device.

### Hardening Signal with Molly on Android

!!! recommendation

    ![Molly logo](../assets/img/messengers/molly.svg){ align=right }

    **Molly** is a security-focused [Signal](../real-time-communication/#signal) fork that aims to provide extensive hardening and anti-forensic features to people who use Signal.

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://molly.im/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://signal.org/legal/#privacy-policy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android/wiki){ .card-link title=Documentation}
    [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
    [:octicons-heart-16:](https://opencollective.com/mollyim){ .card-link title=Contribute }

    ??? downloads

         - [:pg-f-droid: F-Droid](https://molly.im/download/fdroid/)
         - [:fontawesome-brands-github: GitHub](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android/releases)

> Molly offers two variants of the app; **Molly** and **Molly-FOSS**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Molly offers two variants of the app: **Molly** and **Molly-FOSS**.
```

> The former is identical to Signal with the addition of Molly's improvements and security features. Molly-FOSS removes Google's proprietary code which is used for some key features, in an effort to make it fully open-source.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The former is identical to Signal with the addition of Molly's improvements and security features. The latter, Molly-FOSS, removes Google's proprietary code, which is used for some key features, in an effort to make it fully open-source.
```

Maybe provide an example of what Google's code is used for, instead of just generalizing as "key features."

A comparison of the two versions is available in the [project's repository](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android#readme).

> Both versions of the app support [reproducible builds](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android/tree/main/reproducible-builds) so that you can confirm that the compiled APKs match the source code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Both versions of Molly support [reproducible builds](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android/tree/main/reproducible-builds), meaning it's possible to confirm that the compiled APKs match the source code.
```

#### Features

> Molly has implemented database encryption at rest, which means that you can encrypt the app's database with a passphrase to ensure that none of its data is accessible without it. We recommend a strong passphrase that you can store in your [password manager](/passwords/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Molly has implemented database encryption at rest, which means that you can encrypt the app's database with a passphrase to ensure that none of its data is accessible without it.
```

kinda self explanatory imo

> !!! Information

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! note
```

    As long as Molly is locked, you will not receive notifications for any incoming messages or calls until you unlock it again.

Once enabled, a configurable lock timer can be set, after which point Molly will lock itself if you haven't unlocked your device for that specific time period. Alternatively, you can manually lock the app whenever you want.

For the database encryption feature to be useful, two conditions must be met:

> - Molly has to be locked at the time an attacker gains access to the device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Molly has to be locked at the time an attacker gains access to the device.
```

This can include a physical attack in which the attacker seizes your device and manages to unlock the device itself, or a remote attack, in which the device is compromised and manages to elevate privileges to root.

> - If you become aware that your device has been compromised, you should not unlock Molly's database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. If you become aware that your device has been compromised, you should not unlock Molly's database.
```

For higher threat models, you should agree on a protocol with your contacts in advance on what to do in case the safety number ever changes.

You can learn more about safety numbers on [Signal's website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360007060632-What-is-a-safety-number-and-why-do-I-see-that-it-changed-).

### Disappearing Messages

While communication in Signal is E2EE, the messages are still available on the devices, unless they are manually deleted.

It is good practice to set up disappearing messages in Signal's settings so that any chats you start will disappear after a specified amount of time has passed.

On Android/iOS:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- Under **Disappearing messages**, select **Default timer for new chats**

- Select the desired amount of time and select **Save**

!!! tip "Override the global default for specific contacts"

    - Go to a chat with a contact

    - Select the three vertical dots on the top right

    - Select **Disappearing messages**

>     - Select the desired amount of time, and select **Save**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select the desired amount of time and hit **Save**
```

- Select **Show**

- Select **No name or Content** or **Name Only** respectively.

### Call Relaying

Signal allows you to relay all calls (including video calls) through the Signal server to avoid revealing your IP address to your contact. This may reduce call quality.

On Android/iOS:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy** > **Advanced**
  
- [x] Turn on **Always Relay Calls**

For incoming calls from people who are not in your Contacts app, the call will be relayed through the Signal server regardless of how you've set it up.
  
### Proxy Support

If Signal is blocked in your country, Signal allows you to set up a proxy to bypass it.

!!! Warning

    All traffic remains opaque to the proxy operator. However, the censoring party could learn that you are using Signal through a proxy because the app [fails to route all the IP connections to the proxy](https://community.signalusers.org/t/traffic-not-routed-to-tls-proxies-can-expose-users-to-censors/27479).

You can learn more about Signal's proxy support on their [website](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360056052052-Proxy-Support).

### Keep Your Signal Call History off iCloud (iOS only)

> Signal allows you to see your call history from your regular phone app. This allows your iOS device to sync your call history with iCloud, including who you spoke to, when, and for how long.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signal allows you to see your call history from your regular phone app. This allows your iOS device to sync your call history with iCloud, including who you spoke to, when and for how long.
```

Author: I believe the comma is needed there to differentiate between the 3 things (who, when, how long)

Reviewer 2: Well now, you speaking about the same thing, and you listing it, so it needs a comma

If you use iCloud and you don’t want to share call history on Signal, confirm it’s turned off:

- Select **Settings** > **Privacy**

- [ ] Turn off **Show Calls in Recents**

## Signal Hardening

### Avoid Linking Your Signal Account to a Desktop Device

> Desktop operating system security is far behind Android and iOS. Modern mobile operating systems have been designed with security in mind and thus make much better options for harboring private communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Desktop operating system security is far behind Android and iOS. Modern mobile operating systems have been designed with security in mind and thus make it a much better option for harboring private communication.
```

Author: I use options because it's "mobile operating systems" and "Android and iOS"

Reviewer 2: But it can't have an S with much, as much is used for uncountable things

Reviewer 2: Or it is `many better options`

Reviewer 5: Matchbox is right here, it should be plural since it is referring to mobile operating systems.

A comparison of the two versions is available in the [project's repository](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android#readme).

Both versions of the app support [reproducible builds](https://github.com/mollyim/mollyim-android/tree/main/reproducible-builds) so that you can confirm that the compiled APKs match the source code.

#### Features

Molly has implemented database encryption at rest, which means that you can encrypt the app's database with a passphrase to ensure that none of its data is accessible without it. We recommend a strong passphrase that you can store in your [password manager](/passwords/).

!!! Information

    As long as Molly is locked, you will not receive notifications for any incoming messages or calls until you unlock it again.

Once enabled, a configurable lock timer can be set, after which point Molly will lock itself if you haven't unlocked your device for that specific time period. Alternatively, you can manually lock the app whenever you want.

> For the dabatase encryption feature to be useful, two conditions must be met:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the database encryption feature to be useful, two conditions must be met:
```

- Molly has to be locked at the time an attacker gains access to the device.

> This can include a physical attack in which the attacker seizes your device and manages to unlock the device itself, or a remote attack, in which the device is compromised and manages to elevate privileges to root.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can include a physical attack in which the attacker seizes your device and manages to unlock the device itself or a remote attack, in which the device is compromised and manages to elevate privileges to root.
```

Author: I think a comma is needed here, any reason why it should be removed?

Reviewer 2: No, you right I think, I think you can let this comma, or maybe put a `;` as you listing 2 different examples, so you need to separate them by a semi-column.

Reviewer 2: I'm changing the comment for the `;`
